Parasol_auto_insurance.md, before:

Parasol Insurance are an insurance company providing Car Insurance coverage to customers all over the United States.  Some of the key points about Parasol Car Insurance quotes are:

## Car Rental
Parasol will pay the daily rental charge incurred when an insured rents a car from a car business while your car or newly acquired car is not driveable or being repaired as a result of loss which would be payeable under comprehensive coverage.

Parasol will pay this daily rental charge during the period that starts on the date the vehicle is not driveable as a result of the loss or the vehicle is left at a repair facility if the vehicle is driveable.

Payment for car rental from Parasol insurance will end on the earliest of the date the vehicle has been repaired or replaced, the date Parasol insurance offers to pay for the loss of the vehicle if you choose to delay repairs, or seven days after Parasol insurance offers to pay for the loss if the vehicle is stolen and not recovered.

The amount of the car rental must be reported to Parasol insutance before we will pay such an amount.

## Loss of income
If you are at fault, to be able to claim for your own lost wages from Parasol Insurance, you need to have the optional coverage of loss of income insurance as part of your policy.
If another driver is at fault, the at-fault driver’s auto insurance company is typically responsible for covering your lost income. 

## Uninsured and Underinsured Motorist Coverage
If an at-fault driver is uninsured or doesn’t have enough coverage to pay for your injuries or car damage, Parasol underinsured motorist coverage can help pay the difference. Uninsured motorist coverage is optional to Parasol Insurance customers

Any claims submitted to Parasol Insurance for loss of income or uninsured motorists must include all information Parasol Insurance needs to meet federal and state requirements.

Commit message:

Added info about the Apex pluz package

Parasol_auto_insurance.md, after:

Parasol Insurance are an insurance company providing Car Insurance coverage to customers all over the United States.  Some of the key points about Parasol Car Insurance quotes are:

## Car Rental
Parasol will pay the daily rental charge incurred when an insured rents a car from a car business while your car or newly acquired car is not driveable or being repaired as a result of loss which would be payeable under comprehensive coverage.

Parasol will pay this daily rental charge during the period that starts on the date the vehicle is not driveable as a result of the loss or the vehicle is left at a repair facility if the vehicle is driveable.

Payment for car rental from Parasol insurance will end on the earliest of the date the vehicle has been repaired or replaced, the date Parasol insurance offers to pay for the loss of the vehicle if you choose to delay repairs, or seven days after Parasol insurance offers to pay for the loss if the vehicle is stolen and not recovered.

The amount of the car rental must be reported to Parasol insutance before we will pay such an amount.

## Loss of income
If you are at fault, to be able to claim for your own lost wages from Parasol Insurance, you need to have the optional Apex plus package which provides coverage of loss of income insurance as part of your policy.
If another driver is at fault, the at-fault driver’s auto insurance company is typically responsible for covering your lost income. 

## Uninsured and Underinsured Motorist Coverage
If an at-fault driver is uninsured or doesn’t have enough coverage to pay for your injuries or car damage, Parasol underinsured motorist coverage can help pay the difference. Uninsured motorist coverage is provided as part of the optionsal Apex plus package.

Any claims submitted to Parasol Insurance for loss of income or uninsured motorists must include all information Parasol Insurance needs to meet federal and state requirements.

## Apex plus package
The Parasol insrurance Apex plus package provides additional coverage to motorist on top of their insurance policy.  The Apex plus package includes the following:

Loss of income coverage.  Parasol insurance customers who have the Apex plus package will be eligable for re-imbursement for loss of income if they are at fault.
Uninsured motorist coverage.  Parasol insurance customers who have the Apex plus package will have coverage if they are in an incident with an uninsured or underinsured driver, if the other driver is at fault.
